RetroBlue 2
=========

Just like the original but better! From the original team:

"RetroBlue is a modern cell phone accessory with an old-timey feel. We took a vintage rotary phone, an Arduino board, and a Bluetooth chip and combined them to create RetroBlue, a fully functional Bluetooth accessory that can dial and receive calls via a cell phone. The user simply pairs his or her cell phone with RetroBlue and all calls are then forwarded to the unit. We worked extensively to convert the antiquated circuitry within the phone to portable battery-powered components and developed custom code and circuitry to pass calls to and from the rotary phone's hardware."

This version 2 code adds a more reliable method of counting the dialed numbers, support for Siri/Googe Now, and a rudimentary dialtone. I still plan to improve the dialtone, and add the original ringtone from Sparkfun's project (mentioned below). It was developed with Arduino 1.3.6 on an Arduino Uno, is in `retroblue/`. For more information on the original project, check out the original retroblue project.

I was inspired by the original RetroBlue and obviously used it as the based to make these modifications. As the original team did, I would like to acknowledge SparkFun, specifically Nathan Seidle for his efforts in creating the Port-O-Rotary bluetooth rotary phone, as it was the original inspiration for my attempt to recreate and then improve the retroblue project. Their code, tutorial, and description of the Port-O-Rotary is available at: <https://www.sparkfun.com/products/retired/8929>. Sparkfun was also incredibly helpful as a resource with all the user comments, the hookup guide, the datasheets, and the github library that allowed me to explore additional features like adding Siri/Google Now. All of that information is available at: <https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11927>. Additionally I would like to thank Mark Fickett for the code I used to rewrite how the rotary dialer records numbers. His original code is available at: <https://github.com/markfickett/Rotary-Dial>.
